https://www.grantthornton.com/
Requirements
General business knowledge with a strong preference for Accounting Major or Minor.
Minimum overall and major GPA of 3.0/4.0 preferred.
Familiarity with small-automation & reporting tools (e.g. Alteryx, MSFT Power Platform, Tableau).
Familiarity with system infrastructure and application design.
Database architecture; creating queries and tables using, e.g., Oracle or SQL server.
Project management/project life-cycle knowledge and experience with systems/business analysis.
Technical/advanced writing skills.
Demonstrated project management skillset including project planning and time management.
Ability to work efficiently and effectively in a complex team environment.
Ability to travel on short notice and work additional hours as necessary.
Must be authorized to work in the U.S. without the need for employment-based visa sponsorship now or in the future. No visa sponsorship is available for this position.
Responsibilities
Travel on short notice and work additional hours as necessary.
Work effectively in a geographically distributed team.
Desired Qualifications
Experience with web development techniques.
Experience working with back end databases and database management systems.
Experience with Microsoft Fabric or Google Cloud technologies, including their respective data and analytics tools
Knowledge of multiple ERP systems and databases (e.g. SAP, Oracle, MSFT).
Transaction tax engine experience (e.g., Vertex, Thomson Reuters, Avalara).
Familiarity with Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning, Robotics Process Automation and Blockchain and their impact on the regulatory environment.
Programming related coursework.
Java, C++ or .NET (C# or VB), R, Python proficiency.
Intellectually curious.
Strong attention to detail and problem-solving skills.
Dynamic thinker who challenges conventional wisdom.
Willingness to learn and adopt new technologies.
Ability to function within a geographically-distributed team.
Good listening skills and the ability to grasp business trends and needs.
Accounting degree with Data Science, Analytics, or Information Systems minor.
Information Systems or Computer Science degree with Accounting or Business minor.
Data Science or Analytics degree with Accounting or Business minor.
Software/system engineering.

High Priority Keywords:
Python
C++
SQL
Google Cloud
cloud technologies


Low Priority Keywords
back end
data science
machine learning
ai
automation tools
business analysis
database
project management
compliance
web development